well how do you their internet people
let's bow again promise I'm not gonna
make a habit of this but I've got to
respond to an iPad not really not that
it's a story but it was sent to me by
two people who knew the woman that was
attacked by this story and when I read
it I got a little irritated and then
when I read the author's bio
I feel like I have to respond and I
think that it's something that everybody
in this country should pay attention to
so the story goes like this and I'll
link it so you can read it for yourself
he's walking he's at a County Fair and
he's walking from the bathroom with his
daughter and the national anthem comes
on and like good god-fearing Americans
they remove their hat cover their hearts
and stand there until they notice that
some social justice warrior has taken a
knee and he says he felt rage rage man
that's a strong word rage but luckily
for her her boyfriend was with her her
boyfriend's a big guy covered in tattoos
and he's staring people down staring
people down it's almost like this
woman's gonna get attacked by people who
feel rage for kneeling it's interesting
and this man who felt rage over this
actually called her a petulant child in
his little story because he says that he
knew she wasn't there to protest she was
just there to get attention
well mr. lecturer on patriotism that's
what's in your Bible right what's the
purpose of a protest again is it not to
get attention so you can then petition
for redress of grievances it's in the
Constitution of the United States I'm
very curious to hear your lectures on
patriotism patriotism is a lot more than
standing looking at the flag that's
right for a gentleman who's very upset
about disgraceful flag etiquette
where should you have been looking you
should have been looking at the crowd
should shouldn't you've been looking up
at that flag pretty sure that's what you
should have done anyway and then as it
goes on he says that we stand for the
flag and we kneel for the following and
that you know that's a common statement
but say you bothered me coming from him
because they only raised this question
and I don't I need an answer for it if
you watch this I would really appreciate
you telling me exactly what's going on
here
because I can only think of two options
now maybe there's another one but I can
only think it to mr. spokesman for law
enforcement today either you're
incompetent because I mean that
certainly sounds like a PR job right
spokesman for law enforcement today are
you telling me that you have no idea
what this protest is over you don't know
that they are kneeling for the Fallen
those felled by your brother and in the
thin blue line those unjustly murdered
you don't know that if you don't you're
really bad at your job and if you do
it's almost like you're crafting a
propaganda piece and you're leaving out
some pretty important details using
slogans to try to manipulate the
feeble-minded
certainly what it seems like now again
maybe there's a third option if there is
I'd love to hear it
but I can only think of the two but you
know I'm not a smart guy so maybe maybe
you can clue me in sir patriotism is not
doing what the government tells you to
mr. lecturer on patriotism back to the
original Patriots of this country did
the exact opposite that's how the
country got founded patriotism is
correcting your government when it is
wrong when the original Patriots those
people that I'm certain you speak of in
your lectures spoke of their country
they were not talking about the United
States it didn't exist
1787 right 1776 they weren't talking
about the u.s. they were talking about
the country the countryside their
community for you
that's that woman in the crowd that
you're attacking that's who you're
supposed to show loyalty to messenger
spokesman for law enforcement today who
is berating a woman for exercising her
constitutionally protected rights that's
kind of chilling isn't it I'm assuming
at some point in time you were a cop did
you take an oath to support and defend
the Constitution of the United States
because everything that she's doing is
protected by you know after 9/11 I had
the pleasure of watching a conversation
between two people one of them was a
full-bird colonel and the other one was
a lady was a civilian but he's in a suit
and at the time I don't know if you
remember but back then man everybody if
you were in a suit you had that American
flag lapel pin on and he didn't he
didn't to the colonel asked him he
wasn't accusatory about it because he
knew the guy and knew his history and he
asked him you know why aren't you
wearing an American flag lapel pin and
the man responded by saying that he
believed that patriotism was displayed
through actions not worship of symbols I
said could answer right I mean that's
not something you just come up with on
the spot because you get caught without
your pen that's that's a good answer
and you know you could think that it's
just some silly answer from somebody who
doesn't really know anything he was a
civilian he was a civilian he was a
spooky civilian now if you catch my
meaning this man served this country for
30 years doing god-awful stuff
fact he was in Afghanistan the first
time
against the Soviets I think he's got a
pretty good idea of what patriotism is
maybe you should talk to him before you
give your next lecture I think that
would be advisable and if you contact me
I'll put you in contact with I'm sure
that he had would have some things to
say to you as well so I'm sorry this is
kind of a personal video but it's a good
teaching tool I hope that people
understand there is a very marked
difference between nationalism which is
what this gentleman is talking about and
patriotism and you you closed your
little temper tantrum but I'm not gonna
use the exact words but you basically
told her that she could kiss your
American rear well sir you can kiss my
patriotic behind okay y'all have a good
night